The report has to be written in Latex or word
(but you need to deliver to me by mail only the pdf)
and the format to follow should be the one described here:
http://www.acm.org/sigs/publications/proceedings-templates

You are not allowed to change fonts, font sizes  or spaces

The length of the report, expect it to be round 6 pages.

Do not put large images (just to occupy space). It is visible when you do so
and counts negative. Also do not write things just to fill up the space.


The content should be composed of the following sections:

1. Introduction
2. Related work
        Describe what other related (similar) software components or systems you have found and what are the related areas that you consider and how
        you borrow from them. Accompany this with references
3. Problem statement.
        Explain formally what the problem that you try to solve is.
4. Solution
        Write the solution to the problem that you described in 3. Do write pseudo code if you need to describe an algorithm.
        DONOT include java, C, Ruby, etc or any other language specific code.  This is very negative to have in the report.
        Also in this section include the formulas that you may have

        As a subsection you can have one called Implementation in which you describe how you actually implemented the idea/solution
        you just described. For instance here you can say what technologies you used (e.g. what language, the architecture of your system, etc).
5. Experiments
        Here you report how you made you system run on a number of data sets. Remember that you have to study how well your system
        performs as the data starts growing up and the performance will be getting down.


(PS: I understand that some of the projects may have variations to this standard format, but try to stay close to this structure as much as you can.)

PS2: what report you have sent me already (those of you  that you did) on the 7th of January is basically part of section 4 above.

PS3: As before, inform the other members of your team in case they are among those that have not provided me their emails.